No. I will be doing the course on a full-time basis and the online delivery lowers the location barrier for me to engage with the course materials.

Being a kindergarten teacher means that I have to balance education and care for my infant students. The program that I deliver is embedded into the daily routine so that children can learn through play. Having educators in my team is helpful to manage the program consistently throughout the year. However, managing whole-day worth of routine is not as easy as it sounds, let alone having to distribute the task among my team. My team and I came up with a system where we divided the routine into blocks of event, where each of the staff may cater the events they wish to do and how they wish to do it. Each block act as a unit that when divided may lose its meaning. Take lunch time for example: it would not make sense to separate the task of serving lunch and interacting with the children during lunch such as assisting them to grab more servings. This system allows the team to collaborate to maintain the cohesion of the day whilst allowing each staff to perform in the way they do best. Should there be a different staff in the room, they can always refer to these blocks to minimise miscommunication on where one's responsibility ends and other's begin.

My experience is minimal aside from rare outbursts of interest that propels me to take a closer look on IDEs (PyCharm and Android Studio, both had successfully escaped my brain) and small programming projects (such as a dice app with simple random code and a platformer game made in a program for learning codes). Unless we can include moments of modding a game more than my computer can handle as an experience in programming. Or perhaps jailbreaking devices back when the regulation around technology was the wild west.

Software has been taking a huge part in my life. With the rapid technological advancement, software engineering has become a career with high market demand.

Being a quick self-learner and having the flexibility and adaptability has been useful for me, and will continue to be so in a rapidly changing environment that software engineers operate in. Having a business background, I believe simplifying and automating tasks are important in scaling a business and software engineering is one of the proven ways this can be achieved.

A friend who has been working with GA alumni.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevin-utama-b6398856/